During UO Beta SAS was pretty small, very small actually. Rivan and myself were probably the only two members (Among us at the time) to be playing. Which is understandable, because if you hadn’t received a Beta-CD then you had to download it. I think it took me several days of constant downloading to get the whole thing. (Modem + 500+ meg file)! However, it was one of the best times I have ever had playing an online game. 
Our city of choice was, of course, Trinsic so we spent a lot of time there. I spent most of it at the docks fishing until I eventually became “The Great Lord Aries, Grandmaster Fisherman”, if I recall correctly Rivan was quite jealous of that! =] Rivan was always grabbing boats around town and checking out the nearby islands where he would hunt for reagents. One day Rivan and I got in a boat and stopped by the Trinsic docks and asked if anyone would like to go for a ride. Well, we picked up 3 people and, with Rivan at the helm, started sailing out to sea. I had no idea where we were going, but apparently Rivan had an idea, which I would soon become aware of...

Anyways, the next thing I knew, after sailing awhile, was that we had stopped in the middle of nowhere with nothing but ocean showing up on the map. We were using IRC for communication back then, so I looked in Chat and I see “<Rivan> Aries!! Get ready to back me up! <Aries> huh?” Well, confused as I was it didn’t stay that way. I tabbed back into game and saw Rivan attacking one of the passengers! Quickly I tabbed and attacked, as did the other two guys we picked up! So there we were, on a boat, middle of the ocean, Rivan and I attacking one guy while the other two move in towards Rivan. It’s been so long since this happen so I’m not quite sure how the battle played out but it ended with three dead passengers and one dead, Evil Lord, Aries, and one blue, still living, Rivan. 

Well, the next thing I knew we were moving again and Rivan said he was taking me to get resed somewhere. It didn’t take long until we found a healer on a coastline. I would have preferred one that was outside guard range, though maybe Rivan got a kick out of seeing me get guard whacked several times.

Now that I was resed there was a problem. I was an Evil Lord and was unable to go in town. So, Rivan decided that we should sail to ice island and go into Deceit dungeon to kill some evil stuff to turn me blue again. After awhile we made it to ice island. After pulling up to the shoreline I equipped myself with a random assortment of items from our previous passengers, then we got off and headed for Deceit. As we got on our way we came across someone at the mountain pass by the name of “Lord British”, fully decked out in an order shield, Vikings sword and unique armor!

After talking for a while and explaining that I had become Evil on “accident”, Rivan and I were invited to accompany the Lord of Britain into Deceit and hunt together. Past this point it’s a little hazy. I remember that we were in the dungeon, somewhere, and we were attacked by a group of people. All I recall after that is being dead, getting resed at the shrine and being greeted by Rivan, still alive somehow, then logging out because it was 5am and we were tired =]






