The start of SAS back in 1996 was, obviously, somewhat different from what is known today. As Nexus mentioned, the name wasn't always "Sinners Among Saints", instead we started out as "Sosarian Armed Services". The importance of that name was in the fact that the guild was planned for mercenary work, and based upon rank. 

**An actual list of some of the tasks we advertised. 
Assassinations: Having someone killed. 
We charge depending on the level, there rank in another guild, and the trouble they'll get US into. 

Remove Item: If you want an item "removed" from someone. 
We charge depending on the Item you want removed from them, and depending on there level. 

Keys: Just in case you didn't know, in UO EVERY private building will have a key or keys. (you can have them duped at a locksmith) Tell us the house you want a key to and it's yours. 
We charge a lot of money for these type of "missions" because they involve a lot of asking questions and waiting. 

Guild Wars: Paying us to take sides in a guild war. 
These prices are VERY steep. We charge depending on the size of the guild. 

Escort: Paying us to escort someone, somewhere. 
We charge depending on how many escorts you want and how long of a distance they need to be escorted. 

These are our primary services, but we do anything for a price. 

**Laws 
1. Never show fear to ANYONE and NEVER run unless the odds more than 2 to 1.. 
2. ALWAYS defend the honorable over the evil. 
3. Always remember to obey the Code of Honor. 
4. As a member of the SAS, you must defend it's name at ANY costs. 

**Land Division 
Since the High Lord Rivan cannot do everything himself, he appointed 4 of his closes friends to help run the forces in different regions of Britania. He devided Britania by land mass and left the mighty city of Britainia for his command alone. The Forces in the North-West are kept by Fugazi (formerly known as MxPx). The Forces to the North-East belong to the mighty Terrilan. The Forces to the South-East belong to the chiling Icy, and the power of the South-West is left to Marcus Aspenfall. 

**Joining the guild. 
To join this guild, you must have a reason that you think you should be allowed in, something you can do to help the guild, you must swear to obey the guild rules and recite our codex. 
As I, (your name here), put my hand on the Founding Blade of the SAS, I swear to be an active member and do my part to help the guild. I will feel pride at the mention of the SAS and will do my part to uphold it's name. If the time arrisses that I must risk my life to save even the most ppathetic property of the guild, I will just to let all other guilds know that we are bad ass's and don't take shit from anyone. By joining this guild, I am also saying that I can take an insult without running home to "mommy". Now that I have recited the codex, I will adopt the SAS robe that has been isued to me wear on top of my armor. 

**Ranking system & Members 

High Lord, Description, Expertise 
----------------------------------------------- 
Rivan, Founder, Wizardry 

Lords, Area of Power, Area of Expertise 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
Terrilan , Lord of North-East , Swordsmenship 
MxPx, Lord of the North-West , Sailing 
Icy, Lord of the South-East, Wizardry 

Knights, Rank, Expertise 
--------------------------------------- 
Aries, 1st Knight, 

Sosarian Soldier 
----------------------- 
!!!RED!!! 
4*GENERAL 
<Lord Soth> 
>Gash< 
AcCeSs 
Arathorn 
BottleRocket 
Cecil Blade 
Darius 
Fael Taarken 
Frantastic 
Gareth 
Halax 
Human Target 
IcemanUK 
Jumpman 
Kerlan 
PoPimp 
Qil 
RAGE 
Rechid 
Talon Karrde 
Zordax 

As you can see things did change quite a bit over time. It's interesting to note that there are more people who have stuck around until now than is currently believed. I see Rechid, Access, (Zordax = Herc?) and that sexy Knight up there! =]
