Hey, of course you have a lot of stories to tell when you kicked the shit out of as many people as I did! 1v1? 2v1? 4v1? NO PROBLEM!!!  

I actually remember that night when we first met up... For some stupid reason I wanted to enter fight night that weekend, and you were hooking me up with a nice Vanq katana or something... I remember after chatting, we went to Wind to do an old fashion Magic Resist bug, and we ended up running into a bunch of people farming the one lich lord and drakes that spawned there. 10 minutes later, I believe we were red and overloaded with goodies  

If i ever get off my lazy ass I guess i can contribute a "few" pages to this. I'm sure I could find something to say after 3+ years of UO and 8 1/2 years with the guild. Maybe one day when i'm bored out of my mind at work.... but until then, a few tidbits of the top of my head. 

5 of ark's favorite people to kill in UO (no particular order) 

PAGAN - Who didn't enjoy seeing pagan dead back in teh day? 
Jerry Springer - he coined the phrase "I resign from my guild" 
Faxanadu - I think he won the award for biggest clown in Sonoma history 
Horidrium - I can't really decide who's the bigger tool, him or Fax... You decide 
Ardiendo - "I'm leaving on a jet plane..." I can think of about 10 other people who I enjoyed killing more then ard, but I'm hoping he'll read this, ARD IDIOT! 

Actually I think this list sounds a little more like top 5 easiest people to kill  

Random UO memory... 
The Day after Sonoma server came online... Although I've been playing the game for about 4 and a half months now, (including beta) I was far great (don't act all surprised now). While others were out beating on training dummies to get 100str, I was tailoring to buy a big ass house and a boat get "phat lewt". Anyway, long story short... I was up to around 90k after two days of tailoring, so i purchased a large Brick house (cost about 30k at the time), and a boat (4k or so). Being the dumbass that i was back then, I tossed the rest of my gold and the house deed into the ships little storage bin, and began sailing from Trinsic to Hythloth island. Two screens out of guards range i crashed into another boat and was pked in 3 quick fireballs by the infamous "Mario and Wario". To make matters worse... I forgot to lock my ship... and the little storage bin. I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry(I’m sure people have broken mice/keyboards over less…). The best part out of all that was having to wait for the next 6 hours so a GM could take me off the boat (back then ghosts were stuck on boats if they happened to die). 

I was going to write a few more of these, but it's Saturday morning and I’m pretty hungover... We'll see where this thread goes and maybe I’ll enlighten you guys some more. 

adios, 
-- ArKaiNe 

EDIT: oh i forgot to add... Shadowbane was NOT all about numbers, it was about Teamwork. Nothing like running over zergs of 40-50 people with your 10 man group EH PHILBERT?!? k I'm done, bed time 