Heh I can't beleive Dyns site is still up ... Wish went under :/ But he has some other shit on the go so hopefully that works out for him. 

I think you should add him to that list of people to remember  He rolled with us when LOE first broke up for a while, and again on Dyn any time we needed some extra swords. Not to mention he never once stole from a SAS member in deceit, but very often from our enemies  

The good ol days ... 

Blood Crypt 



Thug Life, For Life, [LOE] 
With these words a thug was born 
Blood Crypt got a formal introduction to the Thug Life 
by joing The Most lethal bunch 
Of Thugs in the history of Sonoma 
LOE 

yea thats right 


 





Blood Crypt and me have been chillin since 
Birth on UO 
Huntin and killin showin just 
how thugged out we be 
The Man I trust more than myself 
The Maker 
The Master 
The Man 
The best in PvP combat and an elite member of SAS 
I can count on BC to help when ever I be needin it 
G, you my True, representin the Hiphop nation 
In UO, Is No Limit Soldier: BLOOD CRYPT 
Peace Nigz' 
You ma' MaN 


 










Togather BC and Drizzt are THE FUN POLICE 


The Job Of The Fun Police, Is Never done 

-Drizzt 

I wish I had access to ftp still through the site, THANKS A LOT PAGAN YOU JACK ASS, and i'd host the 100's of screenshots I have of us from 97-2000 whatever it was we stopped playing OSI UO. 

One of my fav screenshots is Aries yelling HOOOOWAHH BLOODCLAN!!!! to a CSR on SP :p 

Good times ... 

Or watching JodoCast and shit I can't remember his name now ... fight at trinny Pen and literally COVER the entire trinny pen with bottles because the fight went for over 30 minutes. They were buying pots off the vendor while they fought .. hah fuck that was funny. 

Eventually me Dyn Rain and Palou just got sick of it and jumped the fucker but it was funny while it lasted. 

Or every fight Palou started he was naked, and he finished in full gear ... 

What wasn't fun about Sonoma?