Mr Grimm Of SAS
truely on of Sonoma's Most Hated people
I have never been able to call Grimm a friend
however... I never have truely been able to call him
an enemy either....
Grimm and I have always had... something of a mutual
respect, not a mutual admiration. I do indeed respect
Grimm, he is once of the best PvP's on Sonoma and has
been an important part of the Trinsic community. He has
On several Occasions been able to bring togather a 
cohesive unit of the "Trinny Crew". Trinny Crew is 
basically a bunch of regulars that hang at the first 
bank and all Kick Major Ass. I have once in awhile
joined the crew but since most are evil doers, I tend
to stay out of that sort of thing.(Drizzt Does). I 
find that bringing them togather and keeping them 
working togather towards a common goal is a Very hard
job and Grimm has been one of the very Best at it.
The 1st Incarnation of SAS was truely remarkable and
was, for a time, utterly the most domminant bunch 
on the shard. SAS has fallen from its Ultimate Grace 
that it used to have and is now content with being
a smaller bunch made from the tatterd remains of guilds
such as: FoF, FoH, DOM, LOE, CK, and many more. Grimm
you are the true leader of the chaotic force know as
trinny crew... The direction you lead them always
seems to lead to evil, and yet, you play your role 
well, and I am enjoying the current SAS Vs BLD war.
So keep fighting Grimm and know that if you loose
your trinny crew, you have made many enemies on this
shard so you'd better watch yourself. if anyone were
bold enough to attack the ledgend that is...
Fair warning to all... I would not trust him, Grimm
is somehow honorable with his words and is well 
spoken... but he is Chaotic, and has chosen evil...
be careful how you handle yourself around him, and
his bunch...
A strange page no doubt... But it is the general 
feeling I get.
-Drizzt
Upadte: Leo has changed alot... he isnt really that
bad of a guy, unless you are his enemy!
