I use to have a lot of screen shots of when 409 and SAS fought it out but I lost them. 

Anyways, I guess I'll start off on how I met this so called notorious guild SAS. My character who I was back then was X-Pac/RaidenII. It's actually quite funny because I was either selling some item or buying sometime off of UOMarket.com and met up with ArKaiNE/Nosferatu or however he spelt it back in the day. He was telling me of how he pked foos all day and how he was the badass of the guild with his gm resist and shit and how he used all these cool bugs. I acted all interested as if he was the shiznit but really thats what my buddies and I did too. I figured why not... Let him have his glory and be impressed with all his stories he has to tell. Well after hanging out with him in-game and chatting, he seemed to be a pretty cool guy. He'd show me some cool pvp stuff and I'd show him some exploits I knew. I remember we'd go places and fight insane battles!!! Like 2 vs a BILLION because I'm a nub who can't count and then we'd still kick their asses. Actually it was more like 2 on 4 where more people later joined in to kill us. But who keeps count. So there I became pretty friends with Ark, occasionally e-mailing him and keeping in contact. He would tell me a lot of good things about SAS and I really liked what he said but I was already apart of a different guild. It was kinda weird when our groups would meet up because its not nice to kill friends of a friend nor a friend but we both understood where we came from and when our groups clashed we would just fight it out. It was just business, nothing personnal. 

Anyways to move on, Ark introduced me to Rivan when the whole IPY scene started. Ark didn't play because he's a psychic. He could fortell the demise of IPY which was why he didn't want to waste his time playing it in the first place. So starting out I talked to Riv about random shit and eventually we became good friends. This lead to me thinking of working some sort of mutual friendship with 409 and SAS. We played Shadowbane and realized that you need numbers to win so why not use that tactic in UO. It started off shaky because of the history our guilds had but people started to realize the past was the past. I remember one night I let Riv macro in the guild house and everyone was like WTF is he doing and was about to bust some ass but I chilled everyone out. So this was the beginning of a new relationship with our guilds. 

Then we moved over to WoW with you guys. We didn't start our own guild here because we just didn't have enough active members to run a successful guild, especially with this type of game play. Here we were guild under SAS and we had a great time playing with you guys. I started to quest with Nexus a lot because he was a priest and at my level too. We had a great time leveling in Stranglethorn with Statigar. I swear, either the the alliance were hella gay newbies or we are just the fucking pwns. Cause we would take on like 8-10 dipshits who are a couple to a few levels about us and still own them. Well with the help of Puke, I think or some troll Shaman. That was a great night we had but was really a detriment to our leveling. Anyways Nexus and I became good friends and I got him hooked on Naruto as well. Fuck I can't wait for episode 121. 

So thats a brief history of what I have to share with my experiences with SAS. I have more but it would take too long to share them. Maybe another day. 

- Kashi