
History of the World 
 


Believe it or not, OGD actually started as a blue guild! When most of us started playing UO we quickly found that PvP/PKing was the most fun one could have in UO, since adrenaline rushes are what we play for and PKing was definitely always a rush, especially solo PKing. The roots of OGD started on Sonoma, where most of our members were Dread Lords during the early days. We got to see all the famous/infamous guilds from Sonoma first hand. I ran with CotD, FoH, DOM, and I fought against Fheads (pretty big names from early Sonoma). Eventually that all came to an end with the addition of the harsh statloss rules and guildwars. A bunch of ex-PK and anti guilds joined together to form a guild called the Illuminati . That's where alot of us met up for the first time. Problem was, while it was supposed to be led by leaders from all the founding groups, Callisto of DOM decided that she would let us think that, while she would run the guild the way she wanted to. We were fooled for quite a while actually, but a confrontation was forced with help from the other leaders and the guild essentally split, leaving BoDOM and DOM together, and Wolfgang's guild (can never remember the name ) and mine (DDT, Defenders of the Dark Tower) as a second faction. Callisto had been a horrible leader and really, not very many of DOM could PvP very well in the first place. Their real power came from people like me and the members of Black Rose who later became BoDOM. 

Anyways, we left the crossdressers behind and said farewell to our good friends in both DOM and BoDOM, who were torn between their friendships with us and Callisto, who had taken most of them in and given them power by allowing them into DOM. Callisto's parting words were that we were nothing without DOM... 

Well DOM is long dead and gone, and the guild Wolfgang and I brainchilded became the Order of the Golden Dawn, named for a bunch of wackos who believed in magic in the 1800's(?) We've long been message board whores and recruited many of our best (Meursault), and worst (Chinacat) from message boards. We also seem to make a habit of recruiting our enemies (Blackheart, Gonzo, Kewl Hand Luke, Perrin), those who stand out to us as being of the strong caliber and intelligence we like to have in the group. 

We did the guildwar thing for years, until things came to a point where just about no one would fight us in a fair fight (we had almost all the talent). The thing about Sonoma that is way different than the other shards, I think, is that we all played by a set of rules: tamers were lame, blue healers were lame, dueling was sacred, and fair fights were the goal Pretty much everyone followed these rules or got flamed off their asses on the many Sonoma message boards. 

There was one summer where alot of us were busy with other things like school and new jobs. During that time OGD activity fell to almost non-existent. Then a funky part in OGD history took place...the forming of our sister guild DTM. DTM was Meursault's idea. Interest was high and a very large number of people ended up joining him, but for such a large group of strangers with such dissimilar backgrounds and skill levels to do well, he needed some rules and thus the Disciples of the Moment were born. Many of the current prominent DTM members joined OGD from DTM (such as Mocker and Thorin.) I was one of those busy people, and I came back near the end of the summer and helped out with my swordsman Michael (who was born in a small house north of the Chaos shrine called Al Bundy's nudie bar, but that's another story). He had a brother named "a dire chicken" (Arshes) who was born at the same time. A dire chicken had been fighting for the disciples from the start and he was employed the methods any specially trained attack chicken would use: suicide runs. Orin Warrick was also around at this time and had spent time as OGD before DTM was born. McChips (Meur) and Orin Warrick were said to have terrorized Trinsic just as well under the DTM banner as they had under the banner of OGD. Eventually, so many OGD had returned that most all of the DTM members, who had met the high standards set by OGD, were asked to join OGD and help renew its activity. 

Anyway, eventually I think it became clear that we were of heartier stock than most of the remaining guilds except perhaps a few or our friend guilds who were really much more into the "win-at-all-costs" idea than we have ever been, and when Siege was announced we leapt at the challenge. 

We took Siege Test by storm. Within 2 days we were sitting on our brand new boat (Siege prices were 3X that of a normal shard mind you), and within 5 days we had a house and guildstone. We had made the most progress out of any guild on Siege Test. We had nearly fought the resistance out of Deceit and were ready to claim it our own, when the bomb was dropped. Apparently the lazy and the ignorant claimed that they were at an unfair advantage. Even though OSI had promised us there would be no wipe unless a major exploit was found (which there wasn't), the Siege wipe was proposed. We fought brutally for it not to be wiped, making the headlines on Lum and other sites several times with our arguments. We argued endlessly with some loser named Caramon Fey who wanted to destroy the 1-1 duel (pre-casting biotch)! Unfortunately, in the end, the nubs won. Test was wiped, we were devastated, and dueling (my favorite pasttime) was ruined. 

The second time around, we didn't quite have the spunk. We fought and killed retarded reds (UDL, who knew? red the second day or something stupid...) in Deceit and mined Shame the way we had on Test. However, we made the mistake of trusting a Fuckhead (the guild, though it was an accurate description of the player himself) named Palleonon who was SUCH a dumbass that he decided to macro outside Moonglow's northern entrance, behind a tree, on a bear named something stupid like "macro bear", carrying our boat, with 1 macro strike already against him. Well, he got caught and we were devastated. I think many of us took a couple weeks off. I don't remember well but I think when we got back, some lame RP guild named UDL had started to copy our example from Test and was pulling cash out of Deceit. We played catchup and caught up. After fighting FjP and UDL forever we began to like FjP and hate UDL. FjP basically meant Blue Knight, though, who is one of the best PvPers I have ever played with. I thought he was great at dueling as well - we fought early on on SP to a draw (Duh, thanks Fey! keke) but I felt the finesse there, something you don't find in some people. How ironic is it that UDL actually brough FjP and us together? The alliance that would eventually cause UDL to nearly disappear from the shard was brought together through an act of lameness. The duel, you see, in our opinion, was sacred. If you came across some people dueling, you did not interrupt it. You watched, or left. It was that simple. UDL interrupted a set-up duel between OGD and an ex-member, which everyone knew was happening and where it would be. So UDL shows up at Wrong with daemons and interrupts the duel. Hearing our arguments about the duel, BK contacted us and a night of dueling ensued. It was fun and we formed a bond of sorts, and the alliance bloomed from there. 

With Fjp's 4 or so players and about our 12(?) we owned Shame, which turned out to be a better money maker than Deceit had ever been. Domination continued as we fought the antis in Coventry, and UDL in Deceit and Shame. BK talked about some of his friends coming over from his old shard to help join in the cause of fighting that dragon-using, run-from-even-numbers, huge gank squad known as UDL. He promised us an awesomely skilled PvP group, but we got GC instead. 

We defended Shame, while the GC nubs worked on their magery and hunted in Shame and helped us loot KOC's two story which they placed before any of them had over 50 magery (hmmm....). I met KOC later on again in a place called Asheron's Call and have some interesting screenshots of admissions of guilt. 

About this time, helping to steer the guild had worn me down (OGD has historically has a triumverate leadership which steers the guild in the direction intended by the founders, not rules). In addition, fighting cheesy UDL and the even cheesier CAT guild who we had created through hatred for OGD and numerous "hacking" successes against their private boards ("STOAD" and "OGDSUCKS" Duh, retards I tell you). UTB turned violent at our pranks and formed CAT (So I guess we've started more than a couple guilds now eh?) 

So... I wasn't having fun anymore and at that time a couple friends and myself were trying to start a gaming news website called Power Gamer. We had intended to cover almost all the MMORPGs around at the time because, unlike Lum, we actually like to play the games before we talk about them. So Joelea and Madame DeFarge (UO), AKA Nikko (IRC), AKA Pidgeotto (AC) was assigned AC to test and help setup the AC section of Power Gamer. She didn't quite feel confident and asked me to help her as well as doing my own page with Arshes on UO. I got sucked into AC and there I met alot of really great guys who we'll probably be seeing in whatever game we pick up next. The OGD chapter of AC was born. In AC the group expanded, we did some amazing things including causing the downfall of AOD, Azile's guild (of the Propaganda:Azile rant site fame) and causing a 500 man guild to disband and join other guilds to hide their members until the "Gara" problem could be solved. Azile called me the betrayer. Truth was, she was another Callisto, delusions of grandeur and leadership skill (about 0). Through superior tactics and iron hard testicles we destroyed guilds many times our numbers and of much higher level through repeated attacks at all hours of the day or night, constantly no matter how difficult the city was to attack. Even FSS fell apart from infighting before we even had a chance to really dig into them (remember them from Siege? I don't really but they damn well remembered us..) A lot of OGD started trickling into AC and we had some good battles there against the higher level, higher number guilds again, but after Siege most of the guys didn't have the strength for more leveling with little payoff until high levels. Also, lack of IRC killed us, as IRC seems to be the life and blood of OGD - that, and message board battles which we fight with great efficiency as well. During the Dev days of SP before it opened and before the wipe, we were probably the largest and most comprehensible presences on the Dev board. For many months afterwards people still referred to us as "those OGD whiners who placed that house and wanted precasting back, biyotch." Anyway, that was the first chapter of OGD-AC, we are back now with rerolls. Hell, most of our mains back then were barely over 30, but we're coming up strong. We have about 10-15 core members all between levels 30-46 working up. Who knows what the second chapter holds... 

Meanwhile.... 

Power Gamer fell apart. 

In UO, OGD continued to help GC characters rise in skill. Most OGD characters were finishing and the gap between character skills closed on UDL. With our newfound cannon fodder UDL began to suffer. And as GC began to gain skills, no one could stand in our path. We were too many, and too skilled. In an attempt to counter our power, the antis of the shard formed a gigantic gank squad called The CounterForce (CF). The very first night, the CF mustered a force of 50-60 people and openly challenged us to come out. Knowing how many people they had, it was a suicide mission, but OGD/GC did not care. We showed with our force of 25 and damn near took the battle. CF celebrated their win and OGD/GC went back to business as usual. The problem with CF was they did not have dedicated PvPers. They did not have anyone to lead attacks on us every day. They would get together 50 or so people each weekend, and that was it, and sometimes their ganks did not work. Seperate and destroy...CF was owned. Eventually CF broke up, and OGD/GC remained unchallenged. UDL had all but disappeared, and boredom set in hardcore. Newbie PKing was never our forte, and we had run out of major challenges. This is about the time Gara had begun challenging in AC, and alot of us departed UO for the AC battles above. 

DTM returns. On the idea of faction warfare, Meursault decides to bring DTM to Siege. OGD was mainly in AC, and Meur needed to recruit high numbers. OGD requirements would prove too much for the number of people he needed, so the open DTM recruitment ensued. The purpose of DTM was simply fun - a group of warriors with a few support mages. Low cost, low maintenance, high impact. I tell ya, the wars with Shadowclan had to be one of the highlights of my UO career. And this fun eventually led to OGD once again reforming on Siege. 

Once OGD returned, an open GC conflict occured. The relationship had soured (not to point fingers, just know it got very heated). Both guilds were pissed at each other, and an utter ego clash ensued. GC began using their dragons against us, and generally overwhelming us with numbers. So we did what we had to do: we used our leadership to survive. We formed the SLF. We united some of the better anti guilds in a project we alled "Shame Liberation Force". The basic purpose was to hit GC where it hurt, remove them from their gold farm. Now the basic flaws in CF that had haunted these anti guilds were corrected...by us. We were the constant PvP leader force they had needed to succeed. However, we had created another super-force - one that was so large that eventually no one could stand up to it. This led to more boredom, and eventually the fall of SLF. 

So, now OGD is still in UO, but for the most part is not very active on Siege. We are active on Test Factions, we are anxiously awaiting that to go in. The members remaining in OGD were those that wanted to go back to our PKing ways, and some members (mainly those that came to us through DTM) remain DTM. DTM did not want to go the full PK route, so they remain allied with -I- and OGD r0xx0rs them now. ^^ But they are still our brothers, and will be welcome back full fold once they get that anti crap out of them. 

If you encounter us on SP, remember we came to SP with the idea of IMPLIED CONSENT. If you are on SP it's to PvP, plain and simple. If you came here to place a house because your old shard was too full, then tough shit, you're in the wrong place. People can argue with us (and they did), but seeing how hated we are, and all we did was kill people on what we view as the PvP shard, all I can say is that it looks like we proved they are in the wrong place. To me, while killing new is not a challenge and it's not very sporting, it's also not terribly wrong. On Rentest someone portaled from Trammel to Feluccia right in front of us. Did we spare him? Hell no, we wasted him faster that Thrandarian runs from a magic arrow. PvP... Thats what OGD's about. When we started playing here, no one said "wait! don't kill them, they are newbies!" and we wouldn't expect them to. And that's all I have to say about that... 

written by: Gara 
 
 
 


